# Core Maintainers Meeting - 2025-11-27

## Attendees

- Ben Brandt
- Agus Zubiaga
- Sergey Ignatov
- Anna Zhdan

## Agenda

- **Meeting format** (@benbrandt)
  - Public or private video calls? (Meeting notes remain public)
    - Let people know that if they want to join the meeting, they can let us know in advance and what agenda item they have, and we can send them an invite
  - We'll use Google Meet going forward.
- **Quick governance update** (@benbrandt)
  - Current GitHub + Zulip setup
  - Processes for adding new contributors
- **IntelliJ ACP Launch** – joined activities (@benbrandt @ignatov)
  - ACP launch + rampup happening in the next few weeks
  - Zed helps with comarketing of JetBrains materials
  - JetBrains is dedicating marketing resources for ACP, coordinate with Zed marketing team
  - Ramping up towards the end of year to promote to people before they decide how to use their holiday experimentation time
- **Agents Registry** (@ignatov)
  - Would be nice to have something here for the marketing push
  - Look at MCP registry for inspiration
    - Provide details to publish your own registry (nice for enterprise perspective to control which are available)
    - Have "standard" meaning standard format defined
    - Might be nice to include static information, like capabilities
      - can also leave for the future
  - Create a new GitHub repo to store file for each agent
  - GitHub action to build/upload them to CDN (cloudflare R2 in ACP account?)
    - distribution of binaries via CDN as well? later?
    - We at least need to verify that the agent is available if we include it in the list
- **Capabilities discussion** (@benbrandt @ignatov)
  - The approach of revisiting defaults at a breaking version change seems reasonable
  - But we need to keep an eye to how we develop the protocol holistically, so that our users/implementers understand the whole story
  - To this point: session/list includes title, maybe we should revisit title throughout the session lifecycle
  - However, this is also why we have a multi-stage RFD procress. If we feel we shouldn't release session/list without other features, we can decide that. But we can also unblock early implementation in the meantime.
  - Everyone agrees we need to take care as we evolve the protocol.

## Action Items

- [ ] @benbrandt - update meeting section of governance doc with how to join a meeting
- [ ] @zed-industries - provide ideas for ACP marketing to JetBrains team
- [ ] @benbrandt - do a first pass on the registry spec
  - [ ] Create an RFD and send to all agent teams for feedback
