# Core Maintainers Meeting - 2026-06-24

## Attendees

- @benbrandt
- @ignatov
- @anna239
- @nikomatsakis
- @Ololoshechkin

## Agenda

- RFDs
  - Stabilized:
    - Additional Directories
    - Model Config Option Category
    - Rust SDK Design
    - Context Window size + cost
    - Message IDs
  - Preview:
    - $/cancel_request
  - Shortlist to move to preview:
    - Boolean Config Options
    - Elicitation
      - Need to finish zed support but I think it is close
      - I think we need to extend on the MCP version a bit with some extra description fields, will try and have this figured out soon.
  - General Process:
    - We have picked up some steam, but I have noticed we are missing a feedback cycle in the draft stage, leading to things getting stuck in front of production users either in `_meta` fields or unstable apis, that leads to "shadow standardization" because while it is "unstable" and "draft" people are relying on it because we never push it forward and then once we finally incorporate feedback it can be difficult to make changes.
      - Should we have an upper limit of "Draft" PRs?
      - Do we need to have a new stage that is "Draft but not currently being worked on"
      - More communication around this is needed
    - Regarding \_meta fields:
      - Adding them to Draft RFDs and existing implementations is great
      - Different agents/clients can document on their own documentatio what they offer
      - We should be careful about promoting these from the main site or end up "standardizing" things in the protocol inadvertantly
- v2
  - A lot done, drafting the final "changelog + migration guide"
  - Still Todo:
    - Streaming Terminal output:
      - More necessary since we removed client terminals
    - Diffs: We need a plan here on how we want to represent these
      - See if we can leverage the same format as git or similar that most languages have libraries to parse and work with
      - Can we add more semantically meaningful versions on top with a base text version?
      - How do we handle binary formats?
      - Use a discriminator for different "diff types" with different content, e.g. edit, move, delete, etc.
    - session/new patterns
    - MCP lifecycle: Can be a fast-follow, but I think we need to do a pass at this
  - SDK v2->v1 layer:
    - There are a growing number of differences that may be hard to represent...
    - I am leaning towards pushing this off and start building out v2 implementations first to test, and then we can see...Some concepts may be harder than I initially thought to support.
- Where is ACP succeeding?
  - Seems to be picking up adoption in large enterprises building tooling for their developers, and also programmatic usage around agents

## Action items
